add HPA feature/unit/fvt/docs/script (#342)
kserve/modelmesh-serving: docs/install/install-script.md

  -d, --delete                   Delete any existing instances of ModelMesh Serving in Kube namespace before running install, including CRDs, RBACs, controller, older CRD with serving.kserve.io api group name, etc.
  -u, --user-namespaces          Kubernetes namespaces to enable for ModelMesh Serving
  --quickstart                   Install and configure required supporting datastores in the same namespace (etcd and MinIO) - for experimentation/development

>   --fvt                          Install and configure required supporting datastores in the same namespace (etcd and MinIO) and also sets enable-self-signed-ca - for development with fvt enabled

Author: updated

  -dev, --dev-mode-logging       Enable dev mode logging (stacktraces on warning and no sampling)
  --namespace-scope-mode         Run ModelMesh Serving in namespace scope mode

>   --modelmesh-serving-image      Set a custom modelmesh serving image

Author: updated

The `--namespace-scope-mode` will deploy `ServingRuntime`s confined to the same namespace, instead of the default cluster-scoped runtimes `ClusterServingRuntime`s. These serving runtimes are accessible to any user/namespace in the cluster.

> You can optionally provide a custom modelmesh seving image url with `--modelmesh-serving-image`. If not specified, it will pull the latest modelmesh image.

Author: done

The `--namespace-scope-mode` will deploy `ServingRuntime`s confined to the same namespace, instead of the default cluster-scoped runtimes `ClusterServingRuntime`s. These serving runtimes are accessible to any user/namespace in the cluster.

> You can optionally provide a custom modelmesh serving image with `--modelmesh-serving-image`. If not specified, it will pull the latest modelmesh image.
> 
> Modelmesh controller is using webhook that requires certificates. We suggest using [cert manager](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager) for provisioning the certificates for the webhook server. Other solutions should also work as long as they put the certificates in the desired location. You can follow [the cert manager documentation](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/) to install it. If you don't want to install cert manager, you can set the `--enable-self-signed-ca`. It will execute a script to create a self-signed CA and patch it to the webhook config.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally provide a custom ModelMesh Serving image with `--modelmesh-serving-image`. If not specified, it will pull the latest image.

The ModelMesh controller uses a webhook that requires a certificate. We suggest using [cert-manager](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager) to provision the certificates for the webhook server. Other solutions should also work as long as they put the certificates in the desired location. You can follow [the cert-manager documentation](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/) to install it. If you don't want to install `cert-manager`, use the `--enable-self-signed-ca` flag. It will execute a script to create a self-signed CA and patch it to the webhook config.

```

Author: updated
